Add new option 'maxItemsPerPage' (#563)
radiantearth/stac-browser: docs/options.md

The number of items requested and shown per page by default. Only applies to APIs that support the `limit` query parameter.

## maxItemsPerPage

> The maximum number of items to request through the `limit` query parameter (`1000` by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of items per page that a user can request through the `limit` query parameter (`1000` by default).
```

> The maximum number of items to request through the `limit` query parameter (`10000` by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of items to request through the `limit` query parameter (`1000` by default).
```
